as you know if you're a viewer of this
blog I like doing beach videos so I took
a little bit of footage at the beach
that we want to be yesterday they went
to another Beach today and I chose to go
in a different field trip but you will
see in my next video but I just wanted
to show you some beach footage
all right today we are going at the
beach again a lot of fish I played with
a lot of fish I'm trying to get people I
found treasure I swear I'm not focusing
in on these people there's a thing right
there you see in the upper right hand
corner about a foot away from it near
those people treasure chest
I officially claim it yeah I'm exhausted
I'm talking to you guys about that later
yeah hairs all gross but it's a lovely
day there are also ducks at this Beach
which I found very odd but but I think
of the fauna that should be living
around beaches ducks are not the first
time you come to mind
though at another Beach the ones where I
got some bad jellyfish there there were
ducks there I don't know maybe I just
thought it was too salty for them they
seemed to be enjoying themselves that's
at a beach or an unusual sight for me
I just realized why all the Ducks are
here see all those little things fish
and also here's some while we were on
the beach there like there's a Pacifico
over there so all of us except for like
three or four decided let's go to the
Basilica it's pretty nifty it's so weird
that it's like this really it's just
really cool archaeological site is like
20 feet from the beach these kids like
running around a push pops and stuff
next to the beach
I hope you enjoyed my Beach